Make it possible to bypass kubernetes service (#1614)
zalando/patroni: docs/SETTINGS.rst

Kubernetes
----------

> -  **bypass\_api\_service**: (optional) When communicating with Kubernetes API Patroni is usually relying on `kubernetes` service, which address is exposed via the `KUBERNETES_SERVICE_HOST` environment variable. If the `bypass_api_service` parameter is set to ``true``, Patroni will resolve the list of API nodes behind the service and connect directly to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **bypass\_api\_service**: (optional) When communicating with the Kubernetes API, Patroni is usually relying on the `kubernetes` service, the address of which is exposed in the pods via the `KUBERNETES_SERVICE_HOST` environment variable. If `bypass\_api\_service` is set to ``true``, Patroni will resolve the list of API nodes behind the service and connect directly to them.
```
